So, guys, going forward now, let us discuss how does the president look like in a multiple process
scenario, so physical memory frames are actually shared between processes running on the system.
Remember, physical memory frames are not dedicated, are available to one single process running on
the system.
Physical memory frames are there for all the processes which are running on the system.
So let us suppose that in our example, we have to process which are running simultaneously on a system
so following the peace table of the two process.
So as per the peace table, the physical pages need not be contiguous in physical memory.
Right.
Why?
So let us see this with the help of an example.
You can see that pays a number of zero and pays no one off.
Process one are in frames F3 and F5 of physical memory respectively.
So you can see that in this physical memory you have no zero of process, one in frame number three
of physical memory and and you have no P1 of process, P1 in frame number five of physical memory.
So you can see that in physical memory, the frames which are in green color are actually the frames
which have molded the physical presence of process one.
Similarly, ordenes frames in this physical memory are those flames which have loaded the physical pages
of process too.
So you can see that different frames in a physical memory can load different pages, which belongs to
different processes running on the system, and every frame of a physical memory can be allocated to
other processes.
Physical page.
Right.
And this allocation actually depends on the page replacement algorithm that is in use by the operating
system.
We will discuss this page replacement algorithm later that.
How does the operating system decide that in which frame it has to load a physical page of a process
in execution?